[SOAR 1787] update error handling to help with trusted host issues (#577)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: fortinet_fortigate/help.md

## Troubleshooting

> In order for this plugin to function the orchestrator's IP address must be added to the trusted hosts list for the API admin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for this plugin to communicate with the Fortigate firewall, the orchestrator's IP address must be added to the *trusted hosts* list for the API admin account.
```

> To do this log into the FortiGate firewall. Go to the System tab, Administrator subtab. Then select and edit the API admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accomplish this, log into the FortiGate firewall. Go to the System tab -> Administrator subtab and then select and edit the API admin.
```

# Version History

> * 4.0.4 - Improve error messaging around 401 return codes to indicate that the orchestrator IP not being in the trusted host list may be the cause

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 4.0.4 - Improve error messaging around HTTP 401 status codes to indicate that the InsightConnect orchestrator IP address not being in the trusted host list may be the cause
```
